Add note about browsers (#14)
knightlab-analyses/empress-analyses: README.md

# empress-analyses

This document outlines the steps needed to recreate figure 1A, 1B and 2A-C. To
generate the artifacts in these figures, we recommend [installing

> Empress](https://github.com/biocore/empress), and following the steps in the
> Jupyter notebooks (see the `notebooks` folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Empress](https://github.com/biocore/empress), cloning this repository, and
following the steps in the Jupyter notebooks (see the `notebooks` folder).
```

Author: Good catch!

> For visualizing the QZV files **we recommend using Safari or
> Firefox**, Google Chrome is known to show degraded performance with large
> files (for example Figure 1A-B).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For visualizing the QZV files **we recommend using Safari or
Firefox**, since Google Chrome is known to show degraded performance when
loading large files in certain cases (for example Figure 1A-B). See
[here](https://stackoverflow.com/a/59438847/10730311) for details on this.
```
